Update custom-fields.mdx to inform that Range header is not supported (#16813)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/logs/reference/custom-fields.mdx

* The maximum length of custom field data for HTTP request headers, Cookies, and HTTP response headers combined is 8 KB. Any data over this limit will be truncated.
* For headers which may be included multiple times (for example, the `set-cookie` response header), a custom field will only log the first instance of the header. Subsequent headers of the same type will be ignored.
* Currently, Cloudflare only logs original request/response headers. Headers that were modified earlier in the request lifecycle with [Transform Rules](/rules/transform/) will not be logged.

> * The request header `Range` is not supported by Custom Fields at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The request header `Range` is currently not supported by Custom Fields.
```
